Fix link typo (#12031)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/lexical_grammar/index.md

### Reserved word usage

> Reserved words actually only apply to *Identifier*s (vs. *IdentifierName*s) . As described in [es5.github.io/#A.1](https://es5.github.io/#A.1), these are all *IdentifierName*s which do not exclude _ReservedWords_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reserved words actually only apply to *Identifier*s (vs. *IdentifierName*s) . As indicated in the [ECMAScript Lexical Grammar](https://tc39.es/ecma262/multipage/grammar-summary.html#sec-lexical-grammar), these are all *IdentifierName*s which do not exclude _ReservedWords_.
```
